Add diagram and explanation to AutoOps for self-managed overview doc (#3767)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/cc-autoops-as-cloud-connected.md

Cloud Connect enables users of ECE, ECK, and self-managed clusters to use {{ecloud}} services. This means you can take advantage of the simplified cluster monitoring, real-time issue detection, and performance recommendations of AutoOps without having to run and manage the underlying infrastructure.

## How it works

To connect your ECE, ECK, or self-managed cluster to AutoOps, you have to use your {{ecloud}} account to install {{agent}} so that it can pull data from your {{es}} cluster. 

> The agent first registers your cluster with {{ecloud}} and connects it to {{ecloud}} using the Cloud Connect API. Then, it sends that pulled data to AutoOps in your selected CSP region. Refer to [](/deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/cc-connect-self-managed-to-autoops.md) for instructions on how to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent first registers your cluster with {{ecloud}} and connects it to {{ecloud}} using the Cloud Connect API. Then, it pulls data and sends it to AutoOps in your selected CSP region. Refer to [Connect your self-managed cluster to AutoOps](/deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/cc-connect-self-managed-to-autoops.md) for instructions on how to get started.
```
